fix: updated what's new section (#402)
newrelic/docs-website: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. If you are willing to assist in the process of creating a new page, then follow the instructions above to `Fork` or `Clone` the repo and make your edits.
5. Follow the instructions above to submit a `PR` for your change.

### Adding a what's new post

> New Relic use "what's new" posts, or NR1 announcements, to let our customers know about new features and updates in the [New Relic One](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9) product. You can also find What's new on our [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).

Reviewer: In general, we try to cut back on using "New Relic" in place of we or our. But if you're going with "New Relic" you're going to want to change "use" to "uses" here.

> New Relic use "what's new" posts, or NR1 announcements, to let our customers know about new features and updates in the [New Relic One](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9) product. You can also find What's new on our [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).

Author: ```suggestion
New Relic uses "what's new" posts, or NR1 announcements, to let our customers know about new features and updates in the [New Relic One](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/jerome.plg-whats-new-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJqZXJvbWUucGxnLXdoYXRzLW5ldyJ9) product. You can also find What's new on our [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).
```

To add a new post:

> 1. If the post doesn't exist, create the folder for the current year and month in the [`src/content/whats-new/`](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/tree/develop/src/content/whats-new) directory (e.g. `src/content/whats-new/2020/12` for December 2020). **note:** the year and month definition will determine where to place the post in the navigation on the [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).

Reviewer: I'd capitalize **Note:**

Author: ```suggestion
1. If the post doesn't exist, create the folder for the current year and month in the [`src/content/whats-new/`](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/tree/develop/src/content/whats-new) directory (e.g. `src/content/whats-new/2020/12` for December 2020). **Note:** The year and month definition will determine where to place the post in the navigation on the [Docs site](https://docs.newrelic.com/whats-new).
```

> 2. Create a markdown file (`.md`) in the correct year and month directory (**note:** this is _not_ a MDX file).

Reviewer: Capitalize "Note" and "This"

> 3. Add the correct frontmatter to the top of your markdown file between a set of `---` which specifies a frontmatter block.

Reviewer: I'd rewrite this slightly:

"Add the correct frontmatter to the top of your markdown file between a set of `---`. This marks it as a frontmatter content block."

> 3. Add the correct frontmatter to the top of your markdown file between a set of `---` which specifies a frontmatter block.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Add the correct frontmatter to the top of your markdown file between a set of ---. This marks it as a frontmatter content block.
```

``` md

| field            | Description
| ---------------- | -----------

> | `contentType`    | This value should _always_ be `nr1Announcement` for what's new posts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| `template`       | This value should _always_ be `whatsNew` for what's new posts
| `title`          | The title of the post

> | `summary`        | A short summary of the post

Reviewer: We want people to keep the summary to a single sentence, about 10-20 words. If you feel like it would fit here, I'd change it to:

"A short summary of the post. Make sure it's a single sentence of about 10-20 words."

> | `summary`        | A short summary of the post

Author: ```suggestion
| `summary`        | A short summary of the post.  A single sentence of about 10-20 words.
```
